1. Linker Error because I had declared the map parameter as const in the declaration, but made changes in the definition

Fix: Remove the const from the  prototype and match it with the definitions.

2. Return error, where genRand was trying to return an int when I marked it as a void

Fix: Change the return type to int to match then need

3. Temperature outputted was significantly higher than it should have been

Fix: I went through the code to where assignments were happening and found that I had used MAX_POWER instead of
    MAX_TEMP, so I replaced it and re-ran to check whether it fixed the issue.

4. When changing the name of the file, the file was not found.

Fix: I went to the definition for loadData, and found that I was still doing .open("initial.txt") rather than
    file_name, so I went and changed that.

5. When using Unit Tests, deactive seemed to throw an error when passed an empty list.

Fix: Previous testing required the step function to catch when the list was empty, which was bad practice,
    so I fixed it by moving the check to within the deactive function so the tests would not fail.


6. Error message for max elements activated was being printed when there was no error

Fix: I checked the guard clause and realized the message was being printed AFTER the return, which means
    it was never reached, but instead printing every time there was no error
    And I also forgot to put the endl at the end so I fixed that too.

7. When adding the first element, the list becomes 0 based rather than 1 based

Fix: I didn't carry the 1, which caused the number suffix to be based on the length of the list before
    adding the new element, which would be 1-based-index minus 1, so I just added 1 to the end like before.

8. When adding or removing lines from the file to read from, the remaining slots until DATA_COUNT were
    filled with blank spaces, which caused the next activation to skip all the way. E.g ROD_8    ROD_12.

FIX: Use a while loop instead, to terminate when EOF.

9. When testing with a desynced array of lists, the deactivate threw an error

FIX: 